Hi, guys.
Welcome.
That is that you're now going to create the user model well before that, since we are going to store
all our data as it is for our store database.
First of all, we are going to set of this fast database that's a gift.
So this page of all just have to do is to click on this vast database that you're going to click or
create database.
Okay, now this building has for start in production mode or starts in test will either go with this
or this is going to go with the stats tests what that will look like on tests.
Okay.
I think I tried to explain this to you before.
I'm just going to go with the defaults so I what to pick on a level.
Okay.
Now.
Well this is doing.
I got to go back to our.
Via the code.
Now, over a year.
This is a function to upload the image to the storage.
Right.
We said the photos were the record.
So if I fix that, the information is going to be the correct user.
The user you already located over there.
We are simply uploading that image.
Okay.
Then over a year we are recruited.
You are at the helm of that image from the storage.
Now this is a function writes code where we store user, we have orders values of and then we said if
this values user name is not, see the image name till the password is not empty or the image is not
empty, it is not empty.
Did we want to create the user with the HEMU password?
We also want to.
Upload.
The perfect image of that user whereby this is the function over here so is going to trigger.
This function.
Okay, great.
Now we don't really want to upload the image to storage.
We also want to upload all the data us to the.
So for us to have these fast auditors this okay, now to do this, I'm just going to hurt.
So we'll just take them out of the network issues.
As I love I love doing doing behind the scenes.
Okay, great.
Now what you're going to do.
Over a year.
First of all, I'm just going to go to my constant calls, the Dodge Fe.
Because all the creative people code for is just the record player.
Fast or.
The kid's going to be close to the fire.
These.
First or Eastern.
Okay, great.
Is the company's culture dirt.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Now I'm going to go to the outskirts, realize what drove me to be this way.
Not to upload all this data.
What we can simply say.
First, we are going to create a users coalition over that is like in for the we are all our users.
It's going to be stored.
Okay so to do that.
They just.
We just have to see.
Fire.
Fast or stored.
Collection.
Okay.
Now, the name of the coalition or the name of the for the citizens is for the recorders users.
They said dot doc.
Okay.
Now what they're going to try to do rather than link each user to the users coalition to do that is
going to secrete that these are carried over to the user that you already.
Okay so pass this over now to Mr. able to do.
We are just going to sit sit.
Okay.
There has been all this data like.
Email.
Yeah.
Okay.
But if we do it this way and so hard, right.
As well, you can just see.
Username.
Username, huh?
When we do this, we.
Then there is no need for the NVC.
Right.
So what I'm going to do.
They're going to create airfields that are similar to this.
They're going to assign those fields to all this.
Okay.
So to do this, I want to go to our models dot that fly.
So our models for the variable to create a fire code, use a dot dot.
Okay.
So we're going to create the A class will call this class user.
Now we're going to create the fields we need.
First of all, we need to name is going to be a type of string.
We also need to.
Profile photo, which is going to be a side to the image for five.
For two.
We need to.
Email.
That's where we need to.
You idiot.
Okay, Dynasty, we're going to do we're going to create constructor for these fields.
So it is going to be easier.
Okay.
There's going to be this dirt.
Dave.
Okay, we're just going to make this required raising the required keyword.
There's going to be this.
The two, four, five, four, two as well required.
Our job is to make this right.
Okay.
This is going to be it is so required for us.
It is going to be this dirt.
Email.
As required.
There's going to be this dirt.
So this thought.
You are ready.
Okay, great.
Now, the next day, we are going to do what all this data is to a map.
So to do that, all we just have to say is maps.
You can see all this are basically test.
So it is going to be a type.
Of so.
Matt.
It's going to be a type of string.
But as will dynamic.
So they're going to say to Jason, you basically want to convert it to a map or an object.
If you don't know what is object, object is something that basically as a property.
The property name.
Okay.
Were function very.
So what I will see is.
It's big.
So you.
Because these is going to be our function.
Dynamic.
Okay.
Sorry.
Great.
Know just how to say the name comma.
Photo.
Yara Hill So what's the.
So so far.
For two.
It's going to be.
Four, five, four, two.
The kid is going to be Emile.
Email.
Going to be email.
Okay.
There's going to be you I.D..
I d.
Okay, great.
So we are basically converting all the data to a map.
Okay.
So this is the property name.
This is the value, right?
So it does basically objects.
Okay, great.
Now what you're going to do next, be able to create the instructions of how a user is going to be created.
So to do that, you can either see a factory or can you just use the static as well?
Static.
Okay.
Now as well.
It's going to be a type of string dynamic.
Okay.
So.
Sorry.
Okay, this should be static then the user.
We are basically creating the destruction of our user is going to be created.
So this is going to be this user, right?
So we are going to see from SNAP.
Occasionally this capital letter.
Okay.
So since we are dealing with a user, it is going to be type of the COVID snapshot.
You can see SNAP.
Okay.
So what you can do to create a viable cultivar is going to be snapped.
Snap shot.
So short.
Okay, so forgive me of my spelling.
It's going to be equal to slap dot.
Data.
Right as well.
Is the map.
String then not make.
Right.
Okay.
So now what we are going to do is to retard.
Return tide the user.
Okay.
So we're going to see the user is going to be created using an email.
This is going to be.
Okay.
I think we're just going to hover it over the key.
So it is going to be arcs.
Uh.
Okay, great.
So we're going to say a user is going to is a user is going to be created with an image, right?
So it is going to be snap.
Snapshot.
Did they just get a pass in the email?
Well, space is going to be created with so.
There's also forgive me for my mistakes.
Okay.
This is a little bit created with a profile photo.
So this is going to be sort of a snapshot.
Snapshot.
For five.
For two.
Okay as well.
These are going to be created with what I think this we have.
Or okay, we're just going to do it accordingly.
So, first of all, your name.
Okay.
They've.
So the nurse should be email.
Okay.
The key is going to be.
It's not.
Okay.
So.
It's going to be.
Snapshot.
Then.
Email.
And lastly, we so.
The last day we have the you, Heidi.
So it is to be snapshot.
Now showed that so.
You.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Now, this is basically each of you were created to fix the fields.
They will pass it to the constructor, so be able to refer to it.
Okay, then over here, we converted it to a map.
Right.
Or an object.
We are now judged as a property, namely the property value right over here.
We are created.
This structure is structure.
Instructions of our user is going to be created.
We are users going to have.